Korean envoy 524
See Lord Long Shuai, the messenger of Siber, Jadomin
See Long Shuai
Who is America?
Joles sees Lord Long Shuai's ceremony
Thank you to the three VIPs who came to visit me not far away
I am very honored
But
I had a little argument with this guy onstage today.
I also hope that three VIPs can help me clarify the truth
Do you need us?
I know this person on stage
Just a useless waste
But he is today
But dare to pretend to be a dragon in front of everyone
I implore three VIPs to expose his true colors
Please be innocent
The people here are indeed very different, Long Shuai
Now this was many years ago.
Must remember
The Long Shuai back then was not this young man
Hahahaha
Chu Chen, can you hear me?
Lou Shuai is not you